changes to tq-describe-command descriptions (#668)
temporalio/cli: temporalcli/commandsmd/commands.md

```
temporal task-queue describe \
    --task-queue YourTaskQueue \
    --task-queue-type "activity"
```

This command provides the following task queue statistics:
- `ApproximateBacklogCount`: The approximate number of tasks backlogged in this
  task queue. May count expired tasks but eventually converges to the right
  value.
- `ApproximateBacklogAge`: Approximate age of the oldest task in the backlog,
  based on its creation time, measured in seconds.
- `TasksAddRate`: Approximate rate at which tasks are being added to the task
  queue, measured in tasks per second, averaged over the last 30 seconds.
  Includes tasks dispatched immediately without going to the backlog
  (sync-matched tasks), as well as tasks added to the backlog. (See note below.)
- `TasksDispatchRate`: Approximate rate at which tasks are being dispatched from
  the task queue, measured in tasks per second, averaged over the last 30
  seconds.  Includes tasks dispatched immediately without going to the backlog
  (sync-matched tasks), as well as tasks added to the backlog. (See note below.)

> - `Backlog Increase Rate`: Approximate rate at which the backlog size is

Reviewer: `Backlog Increase Rate` -> `BacklogIncreaseRate`

  increasing (if positive) or decreasing (if negative), measured in tasks per
  second, averaged over the last 30 seconds.  This is equivalent to:
  `TasksAddRate` - `TasksDispatchRate`.

NOTE: The `TasksAddRate` and `TasksDispatchRate` metrics may differ from the
actual rate of add/dispatch, because tasks may be dispatched eagerly to an
available worker, or may apply only to specific workers (they are "sticky").

> Such tasks are not counted by these metrics.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this. It looks great. I'd just add once sentence at the end that clarifies: "Despite the inaccuracy of these two metrics, the derived metric of `BacklogIncreaseRate` is accurate for backlogs older than few seconds."

- `ApproximateBacklogCount`: The approximate number of tasks backlogged in this
  task queue. May count expired tasks but eventually converges to the right
  value.
- `ApproximateBacklogAge`: Approximate age of the oldest task in the backlog, 
  based on its creation time, measured in seconds.
- `TasksAddRate`: Approximate rate at which tasks are being added to the task
  queue, measured in tasks per second, averaged over the last 30 seconds.
  Includes tasks dispatched immediately without going to the backlog
  (sync-matched tasks), as well as tasks added to the backlog. (See note below.)
- `TasksDispatchRate`: Approximate rate at which tasks are being dispatched from
  the task queue, measured in tasks per second, averaged over the last 30
  seconds.  Includes tasks dispatched immediately without going to the backlog
  (sync-matched tasks), as well as tasks added to the backlog. (See note below.)
- `Backlog Increase Rate`: Approximate rate at which the backlog size is
  increasing (if positive) or decreasing (if negative), measured in tasks per
  second, averaged over the last 30 seconds.  This is equivalent to:
  `TasksAddRate` - `TasksDispatchRate`.

> NOTE: The `TasksAddRate` and `TasksDispatchRate` metrics may differ from the
> actual rate of add/dispatch due to Eager dispatch and tasks going to sticky queues.
> See [documentation](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/b4bdd8035cd1883aa96cbad5bb0e582850feea5f/temporal/api/taskqueue/v1/message.proto#L116.) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `TasksAddRate` and `TasksDispatchRate` metrics may differ from the
actual rate of add/dispatch, because tasks may be dispatched eagerly to an
available worker, or may apply only to specific workers (they are "sticky").
```

- `ApproximateBacklogCount`: The approximate number of tasks backlogged in this
  task queue.  May count expired tasks but eventually converges to the right
  value.

> - `ApproximateBacklogAge`: Approximate age of the oldest task in the backlog, based on its creation time, measured in seconds.

Author: thought quite a bit on this and I think I quite like this - I know @josh-berry, you mentioned you didn't like the presence of head of queue, creation time and oldest task coming together all at once. However, after also accounting @ShahabT 's comments, I believe this captures the essence of what we are trying to describe well without confusing the reader.

let me know what you think!

Reviewer 2: 👍 Sounds good. Please wrap to 80 columns though (otherwise the user-facing output will look wrong). :)

- `TasksAddRate`: Approximate rate at which tasks are being added to the task
  queue, measured in tasks per second, averaged over the last 30 seconds.
  Includes tasks dispatched immediately without going to the backlog

>   (sync-matched tasks), as well as tasks added to the backlog. However, not all tasks dispatched to the workers are counted in this metric. For more information please see [docs](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/b4bdd8035cd1883aa96cbad5bb0e582850feea5f/temporal/api/taskqueue/v1/message.proto#L116).

Author: plan is to replace the hyper link with temporal docs link - haven't done so yet since docs changes have not been published :(  (*yet*)

Reviewer 2: If the docs page isn't available yet, we'll have to write this without the link and then update it later (after the release). See what you think about the wording in my PR (sorry ours crossed each other in flight!): https://github.com/temporalio/cli/pull/669/files#diff-b4c85d71e771b938a0779d1e4113e068c19dd896aac86c04fe1828dd5a15c63f
